This is the thesis template for some selected divisions at the Department of Construction Sciences, Lund University. 

Some words about the fonts. The Lund University profile fonts are Adobe Garamond Pro and Frutiger. They have been included in the fonts directory. They must be installed on your system. These fonts are not free and should therefore not be distributed outside of Lund University without permission. These fonts are used by compiling the document (thesis.tex) using Xelatex. For maths, the font package newtxmath is used. This is used to get correct kerning (spacing) between each character in equations. If the regular Adobe Garamond Pro is used, Latex will not consider that the size of the letters are different from the default Latex font Computer Modern and many equations will look like crap. The newtxmath provides a complete mathfont for Latex that harmonises with Garamond. It is a Latex package and should be available from your Latex-distribution. If not, it can be downloaded here: https://www.ctan.org/tex-archive/fonts/newtx. This approach does have one problem though. If you use \mathrm{} the enclosed characters will be regular upright characters in garamondx instead of Adobe Garamond Pro. This will look strange against the regular text. Therefore, instead of using \mathrm{}, use \text{}. If you use \sin, \log, \lim or similar commands you will also get the "sin" characters in upright font in garamondx. Therefore, use \text{sin} instead of \sin (and similar for all other related functions). 

Please note, that you should use xelatex to compile your document. It should be possible to compile with pdflatex, but then the document will use the wrong fonts, and possibly look crap. Using pdflatex more or less defeats the entire purpose of this template.

A list of various options that was discussed at the department during the development of this template are commented at the start of the main file thesis.tex.

Installtion instructions for Mac OSX:
1. Download "install-getnonfreefonts" from https://www.tug.org/fonts/getnonfreefonts/
2. Open a terminal window.
3. Place the terminal in the directory where "install-getnonfreefonts" is located.
4. Run "sudo texlua install-getnonfreefonts".
5. Run "- getnonfreefonts garamond"
6. Run "- getnonfreefonts garamondx"
7. Run "getnonfreefonts -l" to verify the installation.
8. Install the attached fonts as usual in OSX.

Installation instructions for Windows and Miktex:
1. Install the attached fonts.
2. Unless already installed, install the garamond, garamondx and newtxmath packages.
2. Make sure all your latex packages are up-to-date using Miktex Package Update.

The template was developed by Johan Nilsson in January-February 2016.
